Things to know about SCSS:

- To write css, you make a scss file (ex: _general.scss, note the underscore)
  and at the first line of the document write: // collection.scss followed by 1 new line (at least)
  this code will compile and update the 'complete.css' file in the css folder whenever
  you save a linked scss file.

Things to know about Atom controls :

- To toggle the file navigation pane, use 'control' and 'backslash' at the same time

- To toggle the github pane for comitting, pushing and pulling, use the little page
  and up/down arrow icons on the bottom right of the Atom window

- To open the 'file', 'edit' and other similar menus, press left alt

Things to know about using GitHub:

When you're programming your own features, as you make them you need to use the Atom gitHub pane (or gitkraken)
to 'commit' your changes made to files.
This prepares them to be sent online to me repository, and allows you to
label your updates so when I have a look at what changes you've made, its obvious and easy to understand.

Only commit an update when you've made a significant change to the code, and before you close Atom for the last
time at the end of the day (or whenever you plan on doing last), its good practice to 'push' your update
(found by clicking the up/down arrow button on the bottom right of the Atom window). This will actually upload
the packaged files and let me see the update you've made.

If you want to 'merge' our two different sections of the repository, you need to find the 'pull request'
button on the left panel on Gitkraken. Click the little plus icon, select our repository (cookbook-db) on both
left and right top drop-down menus, and select 'EmmHam_Features' on the bottom left dropdown, with 'Master' on
the bottom right dropdown. Then all that's left is to give it an appropriate title and description (what features
you've added, what they do etc.) and hit 'Create Pull Request', then I have to accept the request and our two
'branches' will be merged together, and we can continue on as we were - with new updated code form both sides.

If the Pull/Push icon on the bottom right of the Atom window has a number by it, especially the left arrow, that
means I've made changes that you need to 'Pull' into your own machine to update something vital in your code
to avoid any conflicting bits of code in the future. just click the pull button, wait for it to finish and
continue. Easy.
